JinSoul: We arrived at the shooting site.
Choerry: Wow!
Choerry: This is an underground parking lot located in Gapyeong~
Choerry: This is also the shooting set for my scene!
Choerry: It reminds me of a kind of a kidnapping scene in a drama!
(Playing with the youngest 1)
JinSoul: Kidnapping...!
Choerry: And it also reminds me of a gang fight scene like 20:20 fight!
(Playing with the youngest 2)
(But it looks not bad after finished setting up!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
KIm Lip: I guess that kind of scenes might be shot in a place like this~
Kim Lip: A fight scene~
(LipSoul are getting playful!)
JInSoul: Want to do? An action scene?
Kim Lip: You must be Jinsol Jung, right?
Kim Lip: I've been waiting for this day!
JInSoul: Huh, dodging?
(Finally they got used to LOOΠΔ TV filming...)
Kim Lip: It's fun, real fun!
(World's fastest punch : JinSoul, Incredible sound effect : Kim Lip)
Kim Lip: You are the best!
JinSoul: (My punch) Too fast, too fast~
JinSoul: Sorry~
(But actually she's not sorry~)